[main]
host = https://www.transifex.net

[dcss.items]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\items.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\items.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.unident]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\unident.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\unident.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.quotes]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\quotes.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\quotes.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.ability]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\ability.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\ability.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.backgrounds]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\backgrounds.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\backgrounds.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.branches]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\branches.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\branches.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.cards]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\cards.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\cards.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.commands]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\commands.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\commands.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.features]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\features.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\features.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.gods]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\gods.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\gods.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.monsters]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\monsters.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\monsters.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.skills]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\skills.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\skills.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.species]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\species.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\species.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.spells]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\spells.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\spells.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.unrand]
file_filter = source\dat\descript\<lang>\unrand.ini
source_file = source\dat\descript\unrand.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.FAQ]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\FAQ.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\FAQ.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.godspeak]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\godspeak.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\godspeak.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.help]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\help.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\help.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.insult]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\insult.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\insult.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.miscname]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\miscname.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\miscname.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.monflee]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\monflee.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\monflee.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.monname]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\monname.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\monname.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.monspeak]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\monspeak.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\monspeak.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.monspell]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\monspell.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\monspell.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.rand_all]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\rand_all.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\rand_all.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.rand_arm]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\rand_arm.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\rand_arm.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.rand_wpn]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\rand_wpn.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\rand_wpn.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.randbook]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\randbook.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\randbook.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.randname]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\randname.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\randname.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.shout]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\shout.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\shout.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI

[dcss.wpnnoise]
file_filter = source\dat\database\<lang>\wpnnoise.ini
source_file = source\dat\database\wpnnoise.ini
source_lang = en_AU
type = INI
